Doc - multi gateway deployments (#5299)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/installation/advanced_configuration/multi-gw-deployment.md

The following `Gateway` example selects a particular Envoy proxy, `public-gw`, and some `VirtualServices` with the Kubernetes label `gateway-type: public`.

```yaml
apiVersion: gateway.solo.io/v1
kind: Gateway
metadata:
  name: public-gw-ssl
  namespace: default
  labels:
    app: gloo
spec:
  bindAddress: "::"
  bindPort: 8443
  httpGateway:
    virtualServiceSelector:
      gateway-type: public # label set on the VirtualService
  useProxyProto: false
  ssl: true
  proxyNames:
  - public-gw # name of the Envoy proxy
```

## Example configuration for multiple gateway proxies

You can use the following Helm configuration file to create multiple proxies.
* `publicGw`: An internet-facing proxy, with the default HTTP `Gateway` disabled so that only secure HTTPS traffic is allowed from the public network.
* `corpGw`: A proxy for the company intranet, with the default HTTPS `Gateway` disabled so that traffic does not have to be encrypted because the network is private.

Overview diagram:

![Full example overview]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/img/gw-proxies-full-example.png" >}})

> If you want additional `Gateways` for a single proxy, create your own `Gateway` _Custom Resources_, similar to what you can do with `VirtualServices`. For more information, see the [`Gateway` API reference documentation]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/reference/api/github.com/solo-io/gloo/projects/gateway/api/v1/gateway.proto.sk/" >}})

Reviewer: I forgot the period.
```suggestion
If you want additional `Gateways` for a single proxy, create your own `Gateway` _Custom Resources_, similar to what you can do with `VirtualServices`. For more information, see the [`Gateway` API reference documentation]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/reference/api/github.com/solo-io/gloo/projects/gateway/api/v1/gateway.proto.sk/" >}}).
```

 Of course, if you define a `Gateway` with `ssl: true`, then you must provide `VirtualServices` with a `sslConfig` block.

Below is a example of a `Gateway` that selects a particular (Envoy) Proxy and a some `VirtualServices` by a selector:

```yaml
apiVersion: gateway.solo.io/v1
kind: Gateway
metadata:
  name: public-gw-ssl
  namespace: default
  labels:
    app: gloo
spec:
  bindAddress: "::"
  bindPort: 8443
  httpGateway:
    virtualServiceSelector:
      gateway-type: public # label set on the VirtualService
  useProxyProto: false
  ssl: true
  proxyNames:
  - public-gw # name of the Envoy proxy
```

## Full example

In the Helm values below, we will define two Envoy proxies, named `publicGw` and `corpGw`. One could be internet facing, whereas the latter could be for intranet usage.

By default, for each Proxy, Helm will create two `Gateways`: one for HTTP and another one for HTTPS. \
In our example, we will disable the HTTP `Gateway` for the internet-facing Proxy, and also disable the HTTPS Gateway for the traffic coming from the Intranet.

Overview:

![Full example overview]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/img/gw-proxies-full-example.png" >}})

> If you want additional `Gateways` for a given Proxy, consider crafting `Gateway` _Custom Resources_ youself, similarly to what you can do with `VirtualServices`.

Reviewer: Is there a link we can provide for how they craft a Gateway custom resource? Maybe the API reference?
```suggestion
If you want additional `Gateways` for a single proxy, create your own `Gateway` _Custom Resources_, similar to what you can do with `VirtualServices`. For more information, see the [`Gateway` API reference documentation]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/reference/api/github.com/solo-io/gloo/projects/gateway/api/v1/gateway.proto.sk/" >}})
```

Author: Perfect! 👌

> As you will see in the example below, you can declare as many Envoy proxies as you want under the Helm's `gloo.gatewayProxies` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As shown in the following example, you can declare as many Envoy proxies as you want under the `gloo.gatewayProxies` property in the Helm configuration file.
```
